Hey team — a few final UI consistency and styling requests based on current testing across iPhone:

1. Back Button Styling
The Back button on both “What” and “Why” steps feels disconnected from the visual system — especially compared to the clean button styling we’ve used elsewhere (e.g., in Inner Circle Hub and “Next” button).

Suggestions:

Make it visually consistent with the Next button (smaller, secondary style, ideally outlined or ghost button using Tailwind like bg-white border border-gray-300 text-gray-700).

Apply same corner radius and padding logic as “Next.”

2. Restore Section Titles
Please reintroduce the section headers for clarity and tone:

“What would you like to do?” (above “Your Want” input)

“Why would you like to do this?” (above “Your Why” section)

These headers are essential to communicate intent and add emotional weight. Their removal makes the screen feel emptier and less guided.

3. Text & Typography Cleanup
Right now, typography varies too much across screens:

Example: the End Room screen has small body text and a large heading, whereas “Why” and “What” steps feel unbalanced (some inputs larger than headers).

Suggest standardizing:

Headers: text-xl font-semibold

Subheaders: text-sm text-gray-500

Inputs: text-base

Icons: same sizing margins (max-w-[60px] and center-aligned)

Maintain consistent padding/margins throughout all card components (e.g. inner spacing between icon → text → input should match spacing on Inner Circle Hub).

4. Box Styling for Inputs
The current light blue input boxes (especially in the “Why” section) feel awkward and inconsistent with the rest of the app. Suggest replacing them with clean rounded-xl border border-gray-200 inputs with neutral backgrounds (bg-white) and subtle focus state.

You can use Tailwind like:

html
Copy
Edit
<textarea class="w-full p-4 bg-white border border-gray-200 rounded-xl focus:outline-none focus:ring-2 focus:ring-blue-500" />
5. General Consistency
Please ensure:

Consistent padding from top (especially in modals like “Schedule End Room”) to avoid cutting into iOS status bar

Font weights and sizes are reused across components, aligned with what we’ve already done in Inner Circle Hub

Icons (checkmark, heart, etc.) are consistently sized and centered across steps

Let me know if anything’s unclear or if you’d like specific examples from Inner Circle Hub to replicate. Thanks again — the polish is almost there!

